Document new ingest and search pipeline allowlist settings (#7414)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/search-pipelines/search-processors.md

In addition to the processors provided by OpenSearch, additional processors may be provided by plugins.
{: .note}

## Selectively enabling processors

> Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) are selectively enabled through the following cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If unspecified, all processors are enabled. An empty list disables all. Removing enabled processors causes pipelines using them to fail after node restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) are selectively enabled through the following cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If unspecified, then all processors are enabled. An empty list disables all processors. Removing enabled processors causes pipelines using them to fail after node restart.
```

> Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) are selectively enabled through the following cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If unspecified, all processors are enabled. An empty list disables all. Removing enabled processors causes pipelines using them to fail after node restart.

Reviewer: Should "a" precede "node restart"?

> Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) are selectively enabled through the following cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If unspecified, then all processors are enabled. An empty list disables all processors. Removing enabled processors causes pipelines using them to fail after node restart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) are selectively enabled through the following cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If unspecified, then all processors are enabled. An empty list disables all processors. Removing enabled processors causes pipelines using them to fail after a node restart.
```

> Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) can be selectively enabled by providing the following static cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If not specified, then all processors are enabled by default. If an empty list is specified, then all processors are disabled. If the setting is changed to remove previously-enabled processors, then any pipeline using a disabled processor will fail after the node is restarted and the new setting takes effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Processors defined by the [search-pipeline-common module](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.x/modules/search-pipeline-common/src/main/java/org/opensearch/search/pipeline/common/SearchPipelineCommonModulePlugin.java) are selectively enabled through the following cluster settings: `search.pipeline.common.request.processors.allowed`, `search.pipeline.common.response.processors.allowed`, or `search.pipeline.common.search.phase.results.processors.allowed`. If unspecified, all processors are enabled. An empty list disables all. Removing enabled processors causes pipelines using them to fail after node restart.
```
